Background raster tiles. (#12959)
organicmaps/organicmaps: data/strings/strings.txt

zh-Hans = 3D 建筑在省电模式下处于关闭状态
zh-Hant = 3D 建築在省電模式下將會關閉

[pref_bg_tiles_title]

> comment = Settings: title of the custom raster background map tiles screen

Reviewer: ```suggestion
comment = Settings: title of the custom satellite imagery screen
```

tags = android-app,apple-maps
en = Background Map tiles
af = Agtergrond-kaartteëls
ar = مربعات الخريطة الخلفية
az = Fon xəritə döşəmələri

> be = Фонавыя пліткі мапы

Reviewer: Пліткі?..

  en = Satellite Imagery
  af = Satellietbeelde
  ar = صور الأقمار الصناعية
  az = Peyk görüntüləri
  be = Спадарожнікавыя здымкі
  bg = Сателитни снимки
  bn = উপগ্রহ চিত্র
  ca = Imatges per satèl·lit
  cs = Satelitní snímky
  cy = Delweddau Lloeren
  da = Satellitbilleder
  de = Satellitenbilder
  el = Δορυφορικές εικόνες
  es = Imágenes por satélite
  es-MX = Imágenes satelitales
  et = Satelliidipildid
  eu = Satelite-irudiak
  fa = تصاویر ماهواره‌ای
  fi = Satelliittikuvat
  fr = Imagerie satellite
  gl = Imaxes por satélite
  he = תמונות לוויין
  hi = उपग्रह छवियाँ
  hr = Satelitske snimke
  hu = Műholdas felvételek
  hy = Արբանյակային պատկերներ
  id = Citra Satelit
  is = Gervitunglamyndir
  it = Immagini satellitari
  ja = 衛星画像
  ko = 위성 이미지
  lo = ຮູບພາບດາວທຽມ
  lt = Palydovinės nuotraukos
  lv = Satelītattēli
  ml = ഉപഗ്രഹ ചിത്രങ്ങൾ
  mr = उपग्रह प्रतिमा
  mt = Immaġini tas-satellita
  nb = Satellittbilder
  nl = Satellietbeelden
  oc = Imatges satellitalas
  pa = ਸੈਟੇਲਾਈਟ ਤਸਵੀਰਾਂ
  pl = Zdjęcia satelitarne
  pt = Imagens de satélite
  ro = Imagini din satelit
  ru = Спутниковые снимки
  sk = Satelitné snímky
  sl = Satelitske slike
  sq = Imazhe satelitore
  sr = Сателитски снимци
  sv = Satellitbilder
  sw = Picha za satelaiti
  te = ఉపగ్రహ చిత్రాలు
  th = ภาพถ่ายดาวเทียม
  tr = Uydu Görüntüleri
  uk = Супутникові знімки
  vi = Hình ảnh vệ tinh
  zh-Hans = 卫星图像
  zh-Hant = 衛星影像

Author: Все таки в общем случае у нас не спутниковые снимки, а тайлы подложки.

eu = Atzeko planoko mapa-lauzak
fa = کاشی‌های نقشهٔ پس‌زمینه
fi = Taustakartan ruudut
fr = Tuiles de carte d'arrière-plan
gl = Teselas do mapa de fondo
he = אריחי מפת רקע
hi = पृष्ठभूमि मानचित्र टाइलें
hr = Pozadinske pločice karte
hu = Háttér-térképcsempék
hy = Ֆոնի քարտեզի սալիկներ
id = Ubin peta latar belakang
is = Bakgrunnskortaflísar
it = Tasselli mappa di sfondo
ja = 背景の地図タイル
ko = 배경 지도 타일
lo = ແຜ່ນແຜນທີ່ພື້ນຫຼັງ
lt = Fono žemėlapio plytelės
lv = Fona kartes flīzes
mr = पार्श्वभूमी नकाशा टाइल्स
mt = Madum tal-mappa fl-isfond
nb = Bakgrunnskartfliser
nl = Achtergrondkaarttegels
pl = Kafelki mapy w tle
pt = Mosaicos do mapa de fundo
pt-BR = Blocos do mapa de fundo
ro = Dale de hartă de fundal
ru = Фоновые тайлы карты
sk = Dlaždice mapy na pozadí
sl = Ploščice zemljevida v ozadju
sq = Pllakat e hartës në sfond
sr = Позадинске плочице карте
sv = Bakgrundskartrutor
sw = Vigae vya ramani ya chinichini
th = ไทล์แผนที่พื้นหลัง
tr = Arka plan harita döşemeleri
uk = Фонові плитки мапи
vi = Ô bản đồ nền
zh-Hans = 背景地图瓦片
zh-Hant = 背景地圖圖磚

[pref_bg_tiles_enable_title]
comment = Settings «Background Map tiles»: switch that turns the custom tiles layer on/off
tags = android-app,apple-maps

> en = Show custom tiles

Reviewer: Переиспользовать pref_bg_tiles_title Satellite Imagery в основных настройках и в чекбоксе вместо этой настройки, по аналогии с voice instructions (это пока удалить, потом, когда появится свой сервер, это будет Custom Satellite Imagery).

eu = Erakutsi lauza pertsonalizatuak
fa = نمایش کاشی‌های سفارشی
fi = Näytä mukautetut ruudut
fr = Afficher les tuiles personnalisées
gl = Amosar teselas personalizadas
he = הצגת אריחים מותאמים אישית
hi = कस्टम टाइलें दिखाएँ
hr = Prikaži prilagođene pločice
hu = Egyéni csempék megjelenítése
hy = Ցույց տալ հատուկ սալիկները
id = Tampilkan ubin khusus
is = Sýna sérsniðnar flísar
it = Mostra tasselli personalizzati
ja = カスタムタイルを表示
ko = 사용자 지정 타일 표시
lo = ສະແດງແຜ່ນແບບກຳນົດເອງ
lt = Rodyti pasirinktines plyteles
lv = Rādīt pielāgotās flīzes
mr = सानुकूल टाइल्स दर्शवा
mt = Uri madum personalizzati
nb = Vis tilpassede fliser
nl = Aangepaste tegels tonen
pl = Pokaż niestandardowe kafelki
pt = Mostrar mosaicos personalizados
pt-BR = Mostrar blocos personalizados
ro = Afișează dalele personalizate
ru = Показывать свои тайлы
sk = Zobraziť vlastné dlaždice
sl = Pokaži ploščice po meri
sq = Shfaq pllakat e personalizuara
sr = Прикажи прилагођене плочице
sv = Visa anpassade rutor
sw = Onyesha vigae maalum
th = แสดงไทล์ที่กำหนดเอง
tr = Özel döşemeleri göster
uk = Показувати власні плитки
vi = Hiển thị ô tùy chỉnh
zh-Hans = 显示自定义瓦片
zh-Hant = 顯示自訂圖磚

[pref_bg_tiles_url_title]

> comment = Settings «Background Map tiles»: title of the tile source URL input field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
comment = Settings «Satellite Imagery»: title of the tile source URL input field
```

tags = android-app,apple-maps
en = Tile URL
af = Teël-URL
ar = رابط المربعات
az = Döşəmə URL-i
be = URL плітак
bg = URL на плочките
ca = URL de les tessel·les
cs = URL dlaždic
da = Flise-URL
de = Kachel-URL
el = URL πλακιδίων
es = URL de teselas
et = Paani URL
eu = Lauzaren URLa
fa = نشانی کاشی
fi = Ruudun URL-osoite
fr = URL des tuiles
gl = URL das teselas
he = כתובת URL של אריח
hi = टाइल URL
hr = URL pločica
hu = Csempe URL-címe
hy = Սալիկի URL
id = URL ubin
is = Flísar-URL
it = URL dei tasselli
ja = タイルのURL
ko = 타일 URL
lo = URL ຂອງແຜ່ນ
lt = Plytelės URL
lv = Flīzes URL
mr = टाइल URL
mt = URL tal-madum
nb = Flise-URL
nl = Tegel-URL
pl = Adres URL kafelków
pt = URL dos mosaicos
pt-BR = URL dos blocos
ro = URL-ul dalelor
ru = URL тайлов
sk = URL dlaždíc
sl = URL ploščic
sq = URL-ja e pllakave
sr = URL плочица
sv = Ruta-URL
sw = URL ya vigae
th = URL ของไทล์
tr = Döşeme URL'si

> uk = URL плиток

Reviewer: тайлов? плиток?...

1. Custom Satellite Imagery URL?
2. Custom Server URL?
3. Custom URL?
4. URL?

vi = URL của ô
zh-Hans = 瓦片 URL
zh-Hant = 圖磚 URL

[pref_bg_tiles_url_hint]
comment = Settings «Background Map tiles»: example placeholder shown in the empty tile URL field
tags = android-app,apple-maps

> en = https://xxx.yyy/{z}/{x}/{y}.png

Reviewer: hard-code to non-translated strings

[pref_bg_tiles_size_title]

> comment = Settings «Background Map tiles»: title of the on-disk tile cache size limit (in megabytes)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
comment = Settings «Satellite Imagery»: title of the on-disk tile cache size limit (in megabytes)
```

eu = Cache-tamaina (MB)
fa = اندازهٔ حافظهٔ نهان (مگابایت)
fi = Välimuistin koko (Mt)
fr = Taille du cache (Mo)
gl = Tamaño da caché (MB)
he = גודל מטמון (MB)
hi = कैश आकार (MB)
hr = Veličina predmemorije (MB)
hu = Gyorsítótár mérete (MB)
hy = Քեշի չափը (ՄԲ)
id = Ukuran cache (MB)
is = Skyndiminnisstærð (MB)
it = Dimensione della cache (MB)
ja = キャッシュサイズ (MB)
ko = 캐시 크기 (MB)
lo = ຂະໜາດແຄຊ (MB)
lt = Talpyklos dydis (MB)
lv = Kešatmiņas lielums (MB)
mr = कॅशे आकार (MB)
mt = Daqs tal-cache (MB)
nb = Bufferstørrelse (MB)
nl = Cachegrootte (MB)
pl = Rozmiar pamięci podręcznej (MB)
pt = Tamanho da cache (MB)
pt-BR = Tamanho do cache (MB)
ro = Dimensiunea cache-ului (MB)
ru = Размер кэша (МБ)
sk = Veľkosť vyrovnávacej pamäte (MB)
sl = Velikost predpomnilnika (MB)
sq = Madhësia e cache-it (MB)
sr = Величина кеша (MB)
sv = Cachestorlek (MB)
sw = Ukubwa wa kashe (MB)
th = ขนาดแคช (MB)
tr = Önbellek boyutu (MB)
uk = Розмір кешу (МБ)
vi = Kích thước bộ nhớ đệm (MB)
zh-Hans = 缓存大小 (MB)
zh-Hant = 快取大小 (MB)

[pref_bg_tiles_opacity_title]
comment = Settings «Background Map tiles»: opacity of vector area objects drawn over the imagery (0% hides them)
tags = android-app,apple-maps

> en = Area objects opacity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
en = Vector map opacity
```
alternative: polygon opacity

Author: Нет, здесь именно area objects

zh-Hans = 3D 建筑在省电模式下处于关闭状态
zh-Hant = 3D 建築在省電模式下將會關閉

[pref_bg_tiles_title]
comment = Settings: title of the custom raster background map tiles screen
tags = android-app,apple-maps

> en = Background Map tiles

Reviewer 2: `Background Map Tiles`

And to be translated...

Author: Keep "tiles" like other _helper_ nouns here "view, zoom, options, ..."
